New documentation structure (#221)
eclipse/org.eclipse.sensinact.gateway: docs/source/setup.md

# Installation and configuration

## Platform Recommendations

Eclipse sensiNact can work in various environment, from a Raspberry Pi 1 to a cloud instance.
Its requirements will depend mainly on the number of updates and queries it must handle.

> The platform **requires** to run in a Java 17+ environment, with a minimum of 2GB of RAM and 50 MB of disk space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform **requires** to run in a Java 17+ environment, with a minimum of 256MB of Java Heap space, 50 MB of disk space and a single core processor.
For larger deployments with more users and sensors you will want to run with at least 2GB of available heap and a multi-core processor.
```
